my mother was really anxious her
anxiety affected my whole life
so much so that I didn't realize I was
anxious because I hated
her anxiety so much because it made me feel bad
No the pain of parents for children
is unbearable no it's a thing  just
too strongly I felt that she was feeling
bad with this anxiety and so I tried
to protect her therefore hating the anxiety
because it made me feel bad seeing that
she was feeling bad I had removed it and I
realized that I too was anxious for a
very short time  say 7-8 years ago
when I wrote the story of my anxiety
and I thought that restlessness of
wanting to do things being a bit of a
perfectionist studying so much nerd and
I thought I called it restlessness Then
I realized that it was anxiety but since
'I understand. I'm better